feat(agent): Add guide for the agent harvester (#216)
cryostatio/cryostatio.github.io: guides/_subsections/configure-agent-harvester.md

The **Harvester** supports a number of configuration options that can be used to determine how often it pushes the collected **JFR** data, the template to be used and limitations on how much data to collect, as well as how long the upload may take. The following configuration options are available:

- `cryostat.agent.harvester.period-ms` [`long`]: the length of time between JFR collections and pushes by the harvester. This also controls the maximum age of data stored in the buffer for the harvester's managed Flight Recording. Every `period-ms` the harvester will upload a JFR binary file to the `cryostat.agent.baseuri` archives. Default `-1`, which indicates no scheduled harvest uploading will be performed.
- `cryostat.agent.harvester.template` [`String`]: the name of the `.jfc` event template configuration to use for the harvester's managed Flight Recording. Defaults to the empty string, so that no recording is started.

> - `cryostat.agent.harvester.max-files` [`String`]: the maximum number of pushed files that Cryostat will keep over the network from the agent. This is supplied to the harvester's push requests which instructs Cryostat to prune, in a FIFO manner, the oldest JFR files within the attached JVM target's storage, while the number of stored recordings is greater than this configuration's maximum file limit. Default `2147483647` (`Integer.MAX_VALUE`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cryostat.agent.harvester.max-files` [`String`]: the maximum number of pushed files that Cryostat will keep from the agent. This is included with the harvester's push requests and instructs Cryostat to prune, in a FIFO manner, the oldest JFR files within the attached JVM target's storage, while the number of stored recordings is greater than this configuration's maximum file limit. Default `2147483647` (`Integer.MAX_VALUE`).
```

- `cryostat.agent.harvester.exit.max-age-ms` [`long`]: the JFR `maxage` setting, specified in milliseconds, to apply to recording data uploaded to the Cryostat server when the JVM this Agent instance is attached to exits. This ensures that tail-end data is captured between the last periodic push and the application exit. Exit uploads only occur when the application receives `SIGINT`/`SIGTERM` from the operating system or container platform.
- `cryostat.agent.harvester.exit.max-size-b` [`long`]: the JFR `maxsize` setting, specified in bytes, to apply to exit uploads as described above.
- `cryostat.agent.harvester.max-age-ms` [`long`]: the JFR `maxage` setting, specified in milliseconds, to apply to periodic uploads during the application lifecycle. Defaults to `0`, which is interpreted as 1.5x the harvester period (`cryostat.agent.harvester.period-ms`).
- `cryostat.agent.harvester.max-size-b` [`long`]: the JFR `maxsize` setting, specified in bytes, to apply to periodic uploads during the application lifecycle. Defaults to `0`, which means `unlimited`.

> Note that by default the **Harvester** will not collect and push any **JFR** data. The **Harvester Period** and **Template** options must be set for the **Harvester** to function.

Reviewer: You can set only the template and no period. In this case, the Harvester will set itself up and then only attempt to push on shutdown.

These configuration options may be set either as **JVM** system properties, for example:

```
-Dcryostat.agent.harvester.period-ms=1000
-Dcryostat.agent.harvester.template=Profiling
```

or by setting them as environment variables, for example:

```
- name: CRYOSTAT_AGENT_HARVESTER_PERIOD_MS
  value: 1000
- name: CRYOSTAT_AGENT_HARVESTER_TEMPLATE  
  value: Profiling
```

> #### [Mbean Trigger Integration](#mbean-trigger-integration)

Reviewer: I think this is normally written like `MBean`
